So we've added our email input, and now here we're going to add yet another input or another text field.
This is going to be called password input and we haven't created that.
That's fine.
And we're going to pass a few things.
It's going to be pretty much the same what we had before, but there's some differences here.
So I'm going to say modifier, for instance, and for modifying was a modifier that I'm going to pass
the focus.
Focus requests, so this means, like I said before.
Let me give us some more space.
It's going to get the focus of the moment that we are done with IMO input right on keyboard actions.
The focus will go directly to our password input.
OK, so this is how we pass it along.
So notice this password request focus request.
We're created here as a default request, but then we are then passing it along to request to request
that focus.
And then we need to pass that object along here to say that, OK, when this email input they hit on
action, keyboard enter or whatever they do next.
They are going to see the focus going to our password input.
Next, we're going to pass the password state, I should call it, and it's going to save password,
right and then label it.
It's going to be password enabled.
Be true.
To begin with.
We're going to change this.
And then it goes.
Password visibility is immutable state, of course.
Capacity, password visibility.
Going to check that out in a moment, you know, an action.
The keyboard actions lambda there in that here is I'm going to put an if statement.
I say if you need a valid password, it's not valid.
That is when I just go ahead and return whatever the keyboard actions are set up and then I'm going
to call the on done method here, which should then I'm going to pass the email value and I'm going
to trim that value just to get rid of all the unnecessary spaces and so forth and pass the password.
Also, the value and treating that as well.
OK, now there's a lot of scripted now.
There's a lot of things going on here, but we will decipher everything, right?
Let's go ahead and create this password input there.
Create a composable at the bottom here.
And voila!
If you do that, you can see, then we don't need to go through the trouble of having to pass all of
these parameters ourselves.
So this is really good.
In fact, it can also out option enter and put on a separate lines like this and beautiful saves us
a lot of work.
There's one more detail to pass here, which is Almy.
Action was I am e action that done so I'm going to show just done, as did button on keyboard.
So inside here is where we're going to actually do the same thing we did before them and say, outline
TextView and what a pass.
Of course, our password state and on value change here accepts a lambda, thankfully.
And what I'm going to do is, let's say, password state that a value gonna give it and we're going
to add the it.
Like this looks like.
Right?
So this has to be the value is going to get the value like this.
Then we can get to the I.T. like the actual string that will be coming from our text field.
OK, so we're going to do the same thing really a lot of repetition, but I guess this is how we learn.
And let's see here I'm going to pass the label and I'm going to pass text label I.D..
Single line, single line, the bullion.
I'm going to say true, I want this to be a single line Muscat textile here.
Uh, give it a font size of about 18 HP color again.
Good material theme.
Callers on background.
Pass on my fire first to modify that we have upstairs.
I'm going to pass the padding bottom again, 10 deep.
Start 10 DP and worst 10 DP as such, all right, and then fill Max with just want to get the whole
width and let's say, enabled, I want to pass enabled.
This guy, their keyboard options, keyboard tie.
Keyboard type, password and army action and pass that one along.
And the great thing about these outlying text field, there are a lot of arguments we can pass if you
have over all of this stuff, right?
We've passed, most of them line a single line.
Actually, we passed only this single line keyboard types options.
Now there is this visual transformation that we can pass.
This will allow us to transform visually what users can see or cannot see within this outline text field.
So we're going to use that, especially for our password.
So right after this guy there, I'm going to just put a comma and then I'm going to say visual transformation.
So it needs a visual transformation type one passive visual trends for nation variable like this?
Let's go ahead and create that at the top here.
Two separate things a little bit.
So at the top of our
function, let's say vowel visual transformation.
I'm going to say if password visibility right, that value is true to say that value like that and when
it's just go ahead and call visual transformation, that none, right?
Because in this case, everything is good.
Else I'm going to say password visual transformation like this, if you have over what is this?
Well, says the visual filter that can be used for password input field and we can continue, let's
say I want to add a trailing icon.
And this is, of course, a trailing lambda.
No pun intended.
So in this case, here we're going to pass another composable called password visibility, which we
haven't created yet.
And then I'm going to pass the password.
Visibility like such, it's going to be equal to password visibility.
So I'm just setting it up with this Boolean password or visibility, or we're going to be passing their
password visibility.
What is I want to happen.
What's happening with this?
Well, what we want to do here inside is as follow us, we're going to create a visible variable here.
I'm going to say a password visibility just to get that, that value.
OK, and then I'm going to add in icon buttons when I say icon like this button?
And when that is clicked in this case and when I say password visibility, this value mutable state,
that value, I'm going to say is not set that to not visible, so not visible like this.
And instead of a lambda here, I'm just going to pass passing icons that default, that close.
So for our password input, also, I have this on action that it's not being used or set up.
So let's go ahead and actually say keyboard default action just like we did before with all the other
ones.
All right, now we're going to have an issue here because if you look at it where we call it password
input, we have this down on done so.
This is just like a callback function that it will take in the email and the password.
Right?
So when they click done or next in the keyboard, we want to give it all that information.
So that means then in our user form here, there are a few parameters we are going to pass because we
want to obviously process this information.
The first parameter I'm going to pass, it's I'm going to call this loading and it's going to be a Boolean
and it's going to be false.
In the beginning, we'll see that in the second and then I'm going to pass.
Another one call is create a count.
It's going to be a Boolean to because we're going to reuse this same form in different cases, some
boolean and make it false.
OK.
As a default.
And then we're going to pass it on.
Done.
Here, method and this is going to create, well, passing as two strings, right, the email and the
password like that, and then we can have us return a unit.
So this is the done, the method that we're going to be using, as you see here.
For now, let's just go ahead and say empty like that.
So preview can work.
So this one down here is where it's going to be called right here.
We passed the email because it says we need to pass two strings passwords just so that we still have
this preview to work.
Looks like he needs everything.
OK, there we go.
All right, we'll change that, of course.
We just want to make sure that our previous work, so it must pass, we must pass something there,
right?
So this is the only one that will be called.
So you see here we have enabled.
So our enabled here we set it to true, we need to do something about it.
But if you look at the top here, we see that we have this floating variable that we passed or parameter
in this case, right?
So what is this for?
Well, this is going to be for our log in button or create account button, as you will see later.
The idea is we want later to check to see if we want to make this button enabled or disabled, right,
depending on the information that we're putting in our email and password fields like the input itself.
So this is important because then we can check whether the loading is true and if that's true and the
inputs are valid, then what are we going to do?
We can then change the state of this button.
OK, so we are going to pass that loading along here, I'm going to toggle it and we say the opposite
of what's happening to say, loading a section.
And that happens also with our password input.
This is for our password input, let's say.
Also for our input email input that is so loading like this?
We'll see in a second how all of that works.
Let's go and see, I think everything is set up.
Let's go ahead and run.
And hopefully we can see something in our screen.
I believe a reader, of course, nothing is showing there, I think is because I haven't called the
user form where.
Yes, you guessed it user.
And I need to pass a few arguments here for loading.
Let's say it's false.
Right?
And then is create account.
In this case, I'm also going to say false.
So we see a few things.
And of course, we have a trailing lambda here.
This is where we're going to have our email, access, our email and password, right?
And for now, I'm going to just log D.
I say email form.
And of course, I'm going to have an issue here because of course, this user form is using that experimental
compose UI, and we have to add that.
So I'm going to go ahead and add that to our reader log in screen so we can see things working this
change like that.
OK, so now let's see if this works right again.
And let's see, Angela.
OK, we have this, too, if you click.
There we go.
We can put an email and you see because I can put at and so forth, code and password.
And then of course, I can add my password and as you click.
Now, of course, there are a few problems here.
First of all, we have this space in between.
That's not a problem.
The world will change all of that in a second, but at least we could see that most of it is working.
So next, we are going to, of course.
Take care of the spacing issue and also add the buttons and so forth.
This add on keyboard actions and going to pass on action like this.
All right.
So that everything is set up correctly.
OK.
Should be all good.
Let's remove all of this, of course.
And put it somewhere else in this case, let's go back to our components just to have a place where
we can have all of these little components live.
And of course, back here, we have to import all of this and all this good, and I promise we will
finish this and move on.
But it's an important concept that I'm trying to show you here.
All right, I'll see you next.